persistent System limited
--------------------------------------
Callable interface
Which executor framework you have used
Why need to overide the hashcode method
Can we call different class method using lamda expression
What is volatile and its used
Internal implentation of HashMap
Fail fast and fail safe example
Use of synchronized

What is detachedState
When will use the load method
Integration of spring and Hibernate
Why dialect is use
How spring container will create object internally.
How to create war file and deploy the application
Which build tool you have used
Use of @RestController in spring
How we call websrvices from spring
What is use of produces and consumes in spring
1. Java 7 and 8 features
2.Fibanacci series
3. How arrayList work internay and which DS using?
4.What is List internal implementation
5.JVM archituture
6.JDBC Connection(CRUD operation)
executeStatement/PraparedStatement/Callable Statement
7.Get all columns used in table using java code
9.How much memory a string can take in the memory size
 String length*2
10.HashMap vs Has

Shallow copy
Deep copy
cloning
Shallow copy

Shallow copy is the process in which the state of the object is copied to another object, but both the objects point to the same reference in heap area.

Deep Copy

In Deep Copy, two separate objects are created and in deep copy. In this each field of one object is copied to another object.

Now third category to overcome this difficulty in java is the concept of cloning.

Cloning in java is done by implements Cloneable interface. Cloneable is marker interface.

For more deep knowledge on cloning Refer : Cloning in java
What is transient
What is Volatile and synchronized keyword
Weak and Soft Reference?

1. Java 7 and 8 features
2.Fibanacci series
3. How arrayList work internay and which DS using?
4.What is List internal implementation
5.JVM archituture
6.JDBC Connection(CRUD operation)
executeStatement/PraparedStatement/Callable Statement
7.Get all columns used in table using java code
9.How much memory a string can take in the memory size
 String length*2
10.HashMap vs Has

DXC technology
1.	WAP for two thread which will check the even and odd number
2.	WAP for an Arraylist.
3.	WAP to reverse string.
4.	DS
 Core java
5.	1. Tell me some bilt in interface in java.
6.	2. Diference between interface and abstract class
7.	3. Internal implementation of hashmap.
8.	4. What is final class and some exaples of final and imutable class.
9.	6. Use of functional interface in java.
10.	7. Some string operation
Hibernate
11.	
12.	1. Why we are using hibernate instead of jdbc.
13.	2.lazy and eager loading in java
14.	3. Diffrence between load and get.
15.	5. When object will be detached.
16.	6. Which types of creteria u have used in ur project.
17.	7. Which types of annotation u have used in ur project.
Jdbc

18.	1.Prepared statement and callable uses

Spring

19.	1.which context u have used and why?
20.	2. When will use singleton and prototype scope.
21.	3. Flow of mvc once will click on login button of login page.
22.	4. Which taglib u have used  for validation of form.
23.	5. How to call webservices from spring.
 Restful web services
24.	
25.	1. Which api u have used for jax.rs
Servlet and jsp

26.	1. Which method we have to overide if want to implement servlet interface.
27.	2. Default objects in jsp
28.	3. Tag lib for form validation
29.	4.when jsp page called
Sql
30.	
31.	1. How to write stored procedure.
Hibernate

32.	1 . In hibernate how we call stored procedure.
33.	 2. How to get employee department wise if we have two table emploee and department and depart column is exist in both the table
34.	5. Diffrencfe between sendredired and forward method
35.	2. What is normalization
36.	 2. WHAT IS NORMALIZATION AND HOW YOU HAVE USED IN UR PROJECT.


Capgemini
1.WAP for singleton and doubleton.
2.lisiterator list of methods.
3.WAP to insert employee data into HashMap when age>45 using iterator.
4. what is deep and shallow cloning 
Suppose two class 
Class A
{
Int a ,b;

}
Class Animal
{
Dog g;
Cat c;
}
37.	Tell how many object will create when
Student sd=new Student(‘c’);


Heap----------------------SP

38.	WA java code to make immutable class
Cognizant
Q. In how many way we can create the object of an class.
Q. What is thread and heap dump and what is the difference.
Q. How to find thread dump?
Q. How to minimize OutOfMemory error.
Q. Suppose that two table is there Employee and Department
Employee
   Depid
   Empid
   Ename

Deppartment
   Deptid
   Dname
   Dtails
Then find the departmanet details which having dname=’ABC’
Q. Suppose two class 
	Class A------Singleton

	Class B------Prototype
Then how many object will create 
Q. Suppose two jar is there and both are configured in pom.xml file and if we  want to ignore one dependency in production then how u can do it.
Q. How to build the project using maven and deployed in production.
Q. What is the use of springboot and how it works. 
Q. What is the use of stream api and how it works with collection
Q. Functional interface and it used in ur project.
Q. lambda expression use and use for addition of two numbers.
Q. How to define rest and post
Q. Can we access a class private variable in another class.
Q. How you did maven packaging(Means build the applicationand deployed into server)

Information technology
Q. WAP to count each charator of string in a word
     For example
     String s1=”shamim”
     s---1
     h—1
     a---1
     m—2
     i—1
Q. WAP to get common word from two string
     String s1=”I am shamim here”;
     String s2=”here shamim is that”;
     Common word is ‘shamim’,’here’
Q. How to take unique records from Map.
  If phone number and name  is matched then consider as duplicates record.
Q. How to call one resful service to another?
    For example: first service is ‘withdraw()’ and second service is ‘deposit()’
Q. What is use of qualifier in spring? And is it use the autowired bytype or byname?
Q. Can we initialize abstract class inside constructor of different class?
Q. How to make class immutable?

Company Name :Flamenco Tech
---------------------------
1. Describe about your project.
2. How the struts know where navigation and about module.
3. How HashMap is working and how we can access value.
4. What is MVC Structure and what is the benefit for customer.
5. What is thread and WAP for consumer producer program.
6. Make java class as singleton.
7. Where we can use the final class . 
8. Access specifier in java.
9. JSP code for modifying value in sub div.
10. How Action servlet work in Struts.
11. How java is secure.
12. Example of mutable and immutable.
13. Example on OutPutStream.
14. Without creating object how we can access variable and method.

Genpact Interview Questions
------------------------------
1.How the tomcat knows about servlet.
2.


Tanavat Technolgies,Kormangala
------------------------------
1.Explain about your project.
2.How the unlimited range data we can store in single variable.
3.We have two table emp and dept
EMP
--

Empno 		Empname		Salary 		Deptno
101		Sham		20000		null
102		Sunny		30000		null
103		mohan		40000		D123
104		Nayan		23000		D122

Dept
-----

Deptno		Name
D123		Mohan
D122		Nayan

Find Dept who has maximum employee
Find employee which is not belongs to any department.

4.How many types of query hibernate can understand.
5.Write simple query in hibernate.
6.List of method of Object class.
7.Autoboxing and Unboxing
8.Wrapper classes and its use.


--------------------------------------------------------
Design pattern and how used with thread.
Web services :Which framework u have used.
How can we remove duplicate from list.
Methods of Object class and what is the difference between equal and hashcode.
How u can make the loose coupling.
How will you make immutable class/methods.
Have you got any error while using collection.
Which jdk are u using and explain some of java 8 feauters
Difference between iterator and listIterator
What is difference between fail-fast and fail-safe?
How to avoid ConcurrentModificationException while iterating a collection?
How can we get all key from Map
--------------------------------------------------------------
comany name: mphasis on 08 sept 2018

1. in a class two overloaded method is there then what is the o/ph

class A{

public a(string a)
{

}

public a(integer  a)
{
}
psvm()
{
  A a=new A();
 a.a(null);

}
}
}

}

2. What is executer framework?
3. difference between creating an object using string literal and using new operator

Spring
-------
1. If two class is there and if we define scope of class A is 'singleton' and another one is prototype then how many object will
be creating.

hibernate
--------------
1. types of cascading

SGS Global telephonic interview
---------------------------------
1. Explain about ur carrier.
2. What is Enumarator and in which situation will use?
3. Internal architecture of SET and explain why its not accepting duplicate.
4. Weak,Strong and ... access specifier
5. Super class of exception and what is the Error and give some example of checked exception. 
6. LinkedList real scenario use.
7. Can java support multilabel inheritance?
8. Explain about thread schedular and how its work?
9. way of implementing thread. 
10. iterator and list iterator and how we can iterate the record on hashmap.
11. difference between system.gc() and calling finalize method.
12. why wait and notify method is static?
13. is there any limition to create the thread?



Spring
---------------
1. what is IOC and give example to inject static method.
2. what is minimum configuration is required for spring configuration
3. types of annotation for configuring controller servlet?

web services
------------
1. which APi you have used for Restful.
2. Difference between put and Delete?
3. explain about restful annotation
4. 

hibernate
----------------



[8:17 AM, 2/3/2019] Shamim: MindTree interview question

1. Explain your project with diagram
2. Internal structure of HashMap
3. Comparable and comparator interface with   example of employee class  and sort the   employeè using salary
4. Using lamda expression how we can find particular employee.
5. How to make HashMap synchronized and if you make then what is difference between HashMap and HashTable
6. Why to use CuncurrentHashMap
7. Checked and unchecked example .
8. ClassNotfoundException and ClassDefException difference.
9. Write a code to make deadlock in thread.
10. WAP to reverse string for example
	S1= "india is my country"
	Then it should be "country my is india"

11. WAP to find specific text from file using lamda expression.
12. What is excutor framework and when will use please write the code.
13. Integration with Hibernate and spring.
14. Suppose your hibernate conflagration file is different location and spring conflagration file is different location then how you can bring and integrate.
15. Write a xml code for onetoMany relationship in hibernate.
16. What is strategy in hibernate.
17. How we can configure 1st label cache and 2nd level cache what is is the difference.
18. Way to make spring boot project and benefits.
19. Suppose some other project if you want to integrate then in maven what u will do.
20. Write a sql script to find the employee which name is start with 'sham'
21. Write sql script to find 3rd highest salary
22. How to remove before and after spaces from a table column.
23. WAP to find 2nd highest number from an array
	For example a(i)= (1,-23,29,89,67,0,1,21)
25.	What is externalization


NetCracker Interview Question
i)	WAP to create a singleton and which situation we can create.
ii)	WAP to sort the number in descending order from an array.
iii)	What is spring boot and how the spring reduced the configuration.
iv)	Create a stored procedure to print the employee number from employee table using cursor.
ADP technology
i)	WAP to sort the number from an array.
ii)	WAP to make the array’s will have equal element till that time how much number should be deleted that count we have to show for example
Input: A[]={2,4,4,4,4,4,3}
Output : 2

Input a[]={1,2,3,4,5,6}
Output:5 Means from above array any number can be deleted.

iii)	WAP to reverse a string using recursion.
Telephonic interview on 08 Feb 2019
i)	What is aggregation in java tell me some example.
ii)	Static class use
iii)	What is the use of intern() method in java.
iv)	How to create custom exception in java.
v)	Can you explain method signature in java.
vi)	Why StringBuffer and StringBuilder is final and if it is final then why these classes are not immutable.
vii)	How many access specifier in java and what is the use.
viii)	 Explain about your work experience
ix)	Difference between hashmap and linkedhashmap
x)	 Which design pattern you have used
xi)	In SessionFactory which design pattern used how how its working internally
xii)	HashMap works internally
xiii)	How to create transaction and how to control it like normal form.
xiv)	What is normalization
xv)	How spring boot working and how it make sure this bean is already exist.
xvi)	Tell me complete configuration of DispatherServlet
xvii)	Why generic came.
xviii)	Why we are using  hibernate ?
xix)	Which hibernate criteria u have used and internally criteria how its work.
xx)	 Use of volatile and when it will become automacity
xxi)	Why oops concept is required.
xxii)	 How to achieve abstraction in java

Binary Fountain

1. What is static class and where u have used
2. if Abstract class has only abstract method then which one good to choose between interface or abstract class.
3. How to make our request and response secure.
4. What is the use of component scan in spring boot.
5. What is use of @configuration annotation in spring boot.
6. Spring Boot Profiles - Application
7. Spring component scan
8. What is spring security 
 for creating login screen, remember me cookie support, securing URL, authentication provider to authenticate the user from the database, LDAP and in memory, concurrent active session management support and much more.
9. What is use of @Component,@Controllert and @Service
10.Have u worked in gradle


NESS technology kormangala

1. How to count object creations apart from writing logic in constructor like in instance block
2. What is method overiding and can we change return type?
3. Wap to make number to palindrom

	For example 13212
	So number can be 12321 can be palindrom
4. Is string is immutable or mutable and how we can make immutable and shows how its data changing will be immutable.
5. Suppose one class is there which is already throws Filenotfoundexception then second time can we make throws Exception

	For example: 
	throws M1 Filenotfoundeception

	to 

	throws M1 Exception


Wipro telephonic Interview Question.

1. What is JUNIT testing and you have done please write test cases for addition of two numbers.
2. How to configure two database in spring.
3. what is auto configuration and how spring know to configure spring mvc.
4. Can you explain spring mvc w.r.t to your project.
5. Which repository tools you have used?
6.What is callable interface and how you have used?

Triveni telephonic

1. Which version of Java you have used and which features of Java you have used?
2. Hibernate which version you have used.
3. Can you explain Hibernate interfaces.
4. Why SessionFactoy is required and how to implement second level cache.
5. Why second level cache will be loss?
6. What is criteria when will use,please give some example.
7. Suppose one interface is there and two implemented class which will map from one table.Please explain how you will 
   map from table.
   Table.
   
   Table Patient
   -------------
   PatientId	Inpatient	OutPatient	PatientName	etc..
   
   Interface A{}
   
   Class Patient implements A{
   }
   
   Class Patient1 implements A{
   }
 
 8. How DispatherServlet will work and please explain flow.
 9. Internal implementation of HashMap.
 10. Suppose one Employee class there and that employee object want to put in HashMap as key then how we can make sure
     employee object will be unique?
11. When ConcurrentModificationException will come and you will resolve
12. How you can use Internalization in spring please explain.
   
   
 Genpact 09 March 2019
 
 Q. First round was MCQ that cleared.
    some many question related to hashcode and equals method
 1. Write a code implement lamda expression.
 2. Write a code for multi threading.
 3. How to compile the code run the code using command prompt.
 4. Without writing main method how to print some text.
	 for example
	 
	 class A{
		syso("Hello");
	 }
 5. Why String is immutable?  
 
 Thomson Reuters
 -----------------------------
  1. Wap to find the common word count from two files.

For ex: 
Names.txt: Banglore
                   Puned
Data.txt: hai aap banglore me to mai bi banglore aa jau kya
In above two file banglore came two times.

2. if you have used in your project spring boot then why its required to spring mvc?
3. In a xml file how we can read leaf node and which parsing you have used.
4. Suppose in a arraylist huge number of data is there and we want to retried they which loop will be best and why 

	in between while, do while and for loop.
5. Wap to implement the lamda expression and what is the benefit other than less coding?
6. Stream api what are the implentation please explain.
7. What is the use of functional interface and what is use.
8. What are the java 1.8 features you have used in your project.

[4:00 PM, 3/13/2019] Shamim: Volvo it
---------------------------------------

1. If you want to make a class object as hashmap key then what are things we have to take care.
2. Wap to count charactor from a string.
	For eg: 
	Strring s1= "shamimansari"

	S: 2
	H: 1 and so on
3. What are the benefits of hibernate.

2nd round

1.Is there any way(try with resources)to close the resources other than finally block.
2. What is the advantage of spring boot please tell some benefits.
3. If we have so many catch block for one try then what is the order for all catch.
4. Can we override static method and if not then why?

Mirafra Software Technologies White field on 16 March 2019
 ----------------------------------------------
 1. Make LLD and HLD to make inheritance a class and where will mention the table relationship and database details.
 2. WAP to merge two array and sort it.
    for ex: arr1={1,2,30} arr2={3,9,6,7,5}
 3. Factory pattern design example with code.
 4. Design a restful web services which will post the services to accept the uid and password using 
    spring boot.
    for example: 
     
    @RestController
    class A{
	  @Requestmapping(value="/login", method=RequestMethod.POST)
	  public string login(){
	  
	  }
	  @ResponseBody
	  .......
	  .......
	  ............
	  
	}	
5. WAP to make own custom HashMap class which functionality should be similar to HashMap

Quest Global on 30 march 2019
---------------------
1. Difference between collection and stream.
2. Why java 8 has default method(regarding backward compatability).
3. Why functional interface came?
4. Contract between hashcode and equals methods. 
   for example String str1="sham"
               String str2="sham"
			   then how both the contract is working if we make str1.equals(str2);
5. What is the use of DriverManager and how to load.
7. Rules to do method overriding.
8. Java code to reverse a string.
9. If two table is there and 

   employee
   empid	empname		deptname
   emp1		shamim		dept1
   emp2		ashish		dept2	
   emp3		ashutosh	dept3
   
   department
   
   deptid	deptname
   dept1
   dept2
   dept3
   dept4
   
   then find the employee which don't have any department
 10. In spring DispatherServlet is which types of servlet
 11. What is load on start up  on web.xml and if we will give 100 then what will happen?
 12. If we have overided one method and if overided method is throw exception then how the flow will go.
 13. Will it work when will do method overirding and throws runtime exception child method then how it will work.
 14. What is the use of spring boot and if we have used spring boot then why its required spring MVC.
 15. How many ways to create an object of class?
 Msg Global

1.What is the features of spring boot.
2. How can we read values from spring boot(values annotation)
3. class A{
    public void m1() throws IOException{
   
    }
  }
  class B extends A{
	public void m1() throws Exception{
	
	}
  }
  
 class Service{
  psvm(){
  
  A a=new B();
  a.m1();//Which method will call
  //If m1 method will throws Exception then what will happen
  
  
  }
 }
 
Rakuten India Private Limited,MG Road on 14 April 2019

1. What is static import in java.
2. Explain about your project.
3. How to find the issue in production and which tools you have used to find the issue.
4. How to make where condition in hibernate.
5. What is difference between spring and spring boot.
6. Java code to write interchange map key and values for example.
  HashMap map=new HashMap();
  map.put("A",10);
  map.put("B",11);
  then interchange 10,Aand 11,B
7. how to set pagination in hibernate.



How to expose the webservices
write the hibernate_config.xml
For making MVC what are the steps needs to followed.
List of annotation which you have used in Spring rest
Make a rest call to getAllEmployees from employee.
WAP to add two array
a1[]={1,2,3,5,6};
b1[]={2,3,5};
c1[]={3,5,8,5,6};
What is the permGen space
What is classLoader
JSP by default object and application is related to which types of object.
How to war file using spring boot.
Which deployment tools you have used.
Spring steroyo types

Synchron
---------------
1. What is oops concept and how its beneficial
2. In which design pattern you are comfortable and singleton how we can break and what is the solution.
3. Select query to get top 5th salary.
4. What is @Bean and @Transationl in collection.
5. What is difference between @Restcontroller and @Controller
6. What is difference between Set and List and how set is maintaining uniqueness.
7. CopyReadAndWrite array use
8. WAP for below result and dont use sort and multiple for loop.
   int array[]={0,1,1,0,1,0,1}
   op: {1,1,1,1,0,0,0}
9. What is the difference between ArrayList and LinkedArrayList and in which situation will use
10. What is the o/p
    ArrayList<String> arl=new ArrayList();
	arl.add(1,"ABC");
	ar1.add("DFG");
	ar1.set(1,"GFG");
11.What is semaphore in thread.
12.Find the op.

	class A{
	A(){
		A a=new A();
	}
	}
	class B{
	psvm(){
		A a=new A();
	}
	}
13. Can you draw JVM architecture.
14. What is the difference between HashMap and IdentityHashMap.
15. What is the encapsulation and why setter and getter method is required to access the variable.
    its better to make the class variable to public.
16. What is classLoader

